hey guys James hey hey doing so this is
a video response to monkey tail 2002
latest video where he was responding to
some insane crazy conspiracy theorist
who thinks that the government adds
dangerous chemicals to contrails and all
that kind of bullshit mainly this is
just a shout out to monkey tail because
I haven't given him a shout out from
this channel before and he does do very
entertaining videos I mean he is
Scottish which means he automatically
has webbed fingers and eats budget Mars
bars for breakfast but don't let that
put you off he's a brilliant skeptical
youtuber and he does do very
entertaining videos I'd also like to use
this as an excuse to respond to
something else which is mentioned during
the video and just kind of expand on it
a little bit it's something I hear quite
a lot from conspiracy theorist but I've
never really felt that it warranted it
sing it same video before is this guy
like you know bought and paid for right
of it ha I wish then I would be in an up
and a overdraft if we'll nega bought and
paid for by these fucking suppose it
governmental agencies ain't got be
living in a house like this Ferb this
argument made a few times from 911
truthers and anti-porn activists and a
few other assorted crazy conspiracy
theorists lunatics it seems that they
just don't think before they open their
mouths or they've just got zero
understanding of the way the world works
ah I mean if they were making that
argument against somebody like the
amazing atheist who will get a few
hundred thousand views every time he
opens his mouth then maybe just maybe
they've got the tiniest sliver of a
possibility of
being right but whenever I hear this
argument it always seems to be against
somebody with five or six hundred
subscribers that James cool guy the
conspiracy theorist he does seem like
the kind of guy who just turns his
camera on and runs his mouth and he can
make a video and upload it in the space
of like 20 minutes but the kind of video
that monkey tail does with looking at
searching for the links writing a script
doing the video editing cutting and
pasting and all of that kind of stuff
even for an experienced video at a video
maker that takes a good few hours and if
you were to pay somebody to make those
kind of videos and publicly show that
show their face and pay them enough
money so that they keep their mouth shut
and don't run off to the papers and say
a the chemtrail producing company has
paid me to make this false video I you
know you'd have to be paying someone a
good few hundred pounds in order to do
that and there is no organization in the
world who'd be willing to do that for a
video which will make a couple of
hundred views tops it's just absolutely
absurd so yeah I just kind of wanted to
do talk about that but never really felt
bit as worth a whole video before so
please check out monkey tails channel
thanks for watching comment rate
subscribe and I'll see you soon bye